README.md, before:


<h1 align="center">
    <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Righteous&size=35&duration=4000&pause=1000&center=true&random=false&width=500&height=70&lines=Hi+There+%F0%9F%91%8B;I'm+Cong+Thanh+!" /></h1>

<h3 align="center">I'm a integrated embedded engineer</h3>

<br/>

<div align="center">

 🌍 I'm based in **Vietnamese**
  
  🔭 I’m currently studying on **DUT**

   ⚡ Fun fact **The visual areas of the brain are in the back**

   </div>

<div align="center"> 
  <a href="mailto:trinhthanh2712.work@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-333333?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=red" />
<hr/>
<br>
<div align="center">
  <h2>🐍 My Contributions 🐍</h2>
  <br>
  <img alt="snake eating my contributions" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/salesp07/salesp07/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg" />
  <br/><br/><br/>
</div>
    

  <h3 align="center">
    <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Righteous&size=30&duration=4000&pause=1000&center=true&random=false&width=500&height=70&lines=Thanks+for+visiting!+%E2%9C%8C%EF%B8%8F;Shoot+me+a+message+on+Gmail+!;I'm+always+down+to+collab+%E2%99%A5%EF%B8%8F">
</h3>
Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Revise README with current projects and learning goals
Updated personal information and collaboration interests.

README.md, after:


<h1 align="center">
    <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Righteous&size=35&duration=4000&pause=1000&center=true&random=false&width=500&height=70&lines=Hi+There+%F0%9F%91%8B;I'm+Cong+Thanh+!" /></h1>

<h3 align="center">I'm a integrated embedded engineer</h3>

<br/>

<div align="center">

 🌍 I'm based in **Vietnamese**
  
  🔭 I’m currently studying on **DUT**

   ⚡ Fun fact **The visual areas of the brain are in the back**

   </div>

<div align="center"> 
  <a href="mailto:trinhthanh2712.work@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-333333?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=red" />
<hr/>
<br>
<div align="center">
  <h2>🐍 My Contributions 🐍</h2>
  <br>
  <img alt="snake eating my contributions" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/salesp07/salesp07/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg" />
  <br/><br/><br/>
</div>
    

  <h3 align="center">
    <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Righteous&size=30&duration=4000&pause=1000&center=true&random=false&width=500&height=70&lines=Thanks+for+visiting!+%E2%9C%8C%EF%B8%8F;Shoot+me+a+message+on+Gmail+!;I'm+always+down+to+collab+%E2%99%A5%EF%B8%8F">
</h3>
Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on embedded control systems, including firmware, drivers.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning embedded Linux fundamentals, and improving low-level debugging skills.
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on MCU projects (STM32/ESP32/ARM), sensor integration, and IoT/edge applications.
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with with best practices for scalable embedded architecture and automated testing for firmware.
- 📫 How to reach me: trinhthanh2712.work@gmail.com
- ⚡ Fun fact: I enjoy debugging hardware issues—finding the root cause feels like solving a puzzle.
